Hello and welcome to this lesson on Ill be connections and logging what I want to do here is just make
you aware of how this works how the LP connects from a client on the Internet free to your instance
and specifically around the addresses that are seen by the low balance and easy to instance and how
that relates to logging.
So when a client makes a connection to your load balancer and it's on the internet its source address
is going to be a public IP address.
Now you've got to also consider whether this is behind a proxy server in a company.
If so then it's going to be the proxy server address not the individual computer that's within the company
or otherwise it could be an individual one the Internet and it's their individual IP address even way.
There's gonna be a source public IP address and the destination public IP address is going to be that
of the a load balancer itself.
Now remember you don't actually see these unless you look in your cache what you address your load balancer
with is the public DNS name NWS name servers then resolve that to an IP address.
Now when it comes to the low answer you can actually set up something called server access logging and
that means that it saves logs on connection information to an S3 bucket that you specify so it's within
your account when you look in those logs you'll see connection information and you'll see the source
of IP address of the client.
What then happens is the low balance creates another connection fruity or easy to instance.
Now as you know even if you're easy to instance has a public IP address and as you know also the load
balancer nodes have public ip addresses but the load balancer will address your instance on its private
IP address whether it's in a private or public subnet and therefore it's gonna use a private range and
the source address is going to be the load balancers IP address.
Now if you're running Apache for example on your easy to instance as we're going to do in a lab when
you look into your log file for Apache you'd expect probably to see the source address of the elastic
load balancer because that's where the packet actually came from remember they the connection is terminated
on the load balancer and then you the low balance of reconnects through to your instance.
So the source address you would expect to be this IP address in actual fact it depends because there's
a couple of protocols called ex forwarded for and proxy protocol which are used to maintain the source
address that when you look in your log files you can actually see the source address and this depends
on the type of load balancer you're going to use.
If we look at the classic load balancer there are two options.
Proxy Protocol which runs that layer for an ex forwarded for which ones at least seven.
So we've a classic load balancer.
It depends on what your listener is whether your listener on your front and back end is hasty TPA CPS
on Layer 7 in which case you use X voted for or if it's layer forward DCP then you use proxy protocol.
Now I'm going to show you a good article which gives you a bit more information on this.
I'll have the link to this in the course downloads of course but this is worth understanding.
Now I'm not gonna go into too much more detail after this on classic low balances in the lab.
We're going to do is going to be on application network low balances because they're the new generation
and this is the old generation but it may still come up on the exam so it's worth knowing.
So as you can see here we have two tables and the top one is related to having front and back end protocol
attached ETP or hasty CPS.
And the bottom table is using TGP or SSL.
Now in the case of the last seven as you can see X 44 headers are supported and 4 Layer 4 proxy protocol
headers and supported.
Now you may notice there's no mismatch between Layer 4 and Layer 7.
And in fact if we go to the console and try and create a load balancer and choose classic load balancer
and we'll just put anything in here we then have the load balance of protocol that's the front end protocol
and the instance protocol.
Now you have the option for hasty T.P. hasty TPA TPP or SSL but what happens if we try to have hasty
TPP on the front end and TPP on the back end and it just tells us low balance of protocol and instance
protocol must be at the same layer.
So you need to have hasty TPA or HDTV Yes and you can.
You can mix and match these so you can have HDTV and hasty yes a little except that you could do the
other way and have secure on the front and then just hasty TPA in the back.
And that's fine as well.
Alternatively you can have TPP and CCP life for and that's okay.
And you can have CCP and SSL.
So it's just about the layers.
Just make sure you remember that you have to have the same layer on the front in the back and export
it for runs at last 7 and proxy protocol runs it like a full.
And what these do is maintain or pass on that source IP address so that you can see it in your log files
on your easy two instances.
So now that's it for this quick lesson.
What we're gonna do now is go into a lab with the application and network load balance that's a setup
server access logging and also to have a look in the log files on the easy two instances and see what
information we can find.